# Rust API client for openapi

OpenTTD Content API


## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.6.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `openapi` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
openapi = { path = "./openapi" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://127.0.0.1:8080*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ConfigApi* | [**config_branches_get**](docs/ConfigApi.md#config_branches_get) | **GET** /config/branches | List the known branches.
*ConfigApi* | [**config_licenses_get**](docs/ConfigApi.md#config_licenses_get) | **GET** /config/licenses | List the known licenses.
*ConfigApi* | [**config_user_audiences_get**](docs/ConfigApi.md#config_user_audiences_get) | **GET** /config/user-audiences | List of alowed audiences to login with.
*DiscoverApi* | [**package_content_type_get**](docs/DiscoverApi.md#package_content_type_get) | **GET** /package/{content-type} | Get listing of all the packages with this Content Type.
*DiscoverApi* | [**package_content_type_unique_id_get**](docs/DiscoverApi.md#package_content_type_unique_id_get) | **GET** /package/{content-type}/{unique-id} | Get information about a single package.
*DiscoverApi* | [**package_content_type_unique_id_upload_date_get**](docs/DiscoverApi.md#package_content_type_unique_id_upload_date_get) | **GET** /package/{content-type}/{unique-id}/{upload-date} | Get information about a single version of a package. The key is \"upload-date\", as that is considered unique.
*DiscoverApi* | [**package_self_get**](docs/DiscoverApi.md#package_self_get) | **GET** /package/self | Get listing of the packages you are (one of) the author(s) of.
*NewApi* | [**new_package_post**](docs/NewApi.md#new_package_post) | **POST** /new-package | Start with the creation of a new package or version.
*NewApi* | [**new_package_upload_token_file_uuid_delete**](docs/NewApi.md#new_package_upload_token_file_uuid_delete) | **DELETE** /new-package/{upload-token}/{file-uuid} | Delete an uploaded file.
*NewApi* | [**new_package_upload_token_get**](docs/NewApi.md#new_package_upload_token_get) | **GET** /new-package/{upload-token} | Get information about the new upload.
*NewApi* | [**new_package_upload_token_publish_post**](docs/NewApi.md#new_package_upload_token_publish_post) | **POST** /new-package/{upload-token}/publish | Publish the new upload.
*NewApi* | [**new_package_upload_token_put**](docs/NewApi.md#new_package_upload_token_put) | **PUT** /new-package/{upload-token} | Update the information of a new upload
*UpdateApi* | [**package_content_type_unique_id_put**](docs/UpdateApi.md#package_content_type_unique_id_put) | **PUT** /package/{content-type}/{unique-id} | Update the global information of a single package.
*UpdateApi* | [**package_content_type_unique_id_upload_date_put**](docs/UpdateApi.md#package_content_type_unique_id_upload_date_put) | **PUT** /package/{content-type}/{unique-id}/{upload-date} | Update the information of a single version
*UserApi* | [**user_authorize_get**](docs/UserApi.md#user_authorize_get) | **GET** /user/authorize | Default Oauth2 PKCE flow. Response depends on \"audience\"
*UserApi* | [**user_get**](docs/UserApi.md#user_get) | **GET** /user | Get information about yourself
*UserApi* | [**user_logout_get**](docs/UserApi.md#user_logout_get) | **GET** /user/logout | Logout of the Content API.


## Documentation For Models

 - [Author](docs/Author.md)
 - [Compatibility](docs/Compatibility.md)
 - [ConfigBranchesGet200ResponseInner](docs/ConfigBranchesGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [ConfigLicensesGet200ResponseInner](docs/ConfigLicensesGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [ConfigUserAudiencesGet200ResponseInner](docs/ConfigUserAudiencesGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [ContentType](docs/ContentType.md)
 - [Dependency](docs/Dependency.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Global](docs/Global.md)
 - [NewPackagePost201Response](docs/NewPackagePost201Response.md)
 - [NewPackageUploadTokenPutRequest](docs/NewPackageUploadTokenPutRequest.md)
 - [Package](docs/Package.md)
 - [PackageAllOfReplacedBy](docs/PackageAllOfReplacedBy.md)
 - [UploadStatus](docs/UploadStatus.md)
 - [UploadStatusAllOfFiles](docs/UploadStatusAllOfFiles.md)
 - [UserGet200Response](docs/UserGet200Response.md)
 - [Version](docs/Version.md)
 - [VersionMinimized](docs/VersionMinimized.md)
 - [VersionMinimizedAllOfLicense](docs/VersionMinimizedAllOfLicense.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



